fix(curriculum): change descriptions of id from properties to attributes (#47432)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/62ff8b9dab5ac88e4d3d43a3.md

Following accessibility best practices, link the `input` elements and the `label` elements together using the `for` attribute.

> Use these values for the respective `id` attributes: `first-name`, `last-name`, `email`, `new-password`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `first-name`, `last-name`, `email`,  and `new-password` as values for the respective `id` attributes.
```
